Add healthcare usecase fixes (#9506)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/healthcare/code/healthcare-bbe/powerful-edi-for-claims.md

---
title: 'Powerful EDI for claims'

> description: Ballerina has powerful support for Electronic Interchange Formats (EDI). In healthcare, this means out-of-the-box handling of X12, 834s, 837s and more regional-specific standards via native schema mapping. Go from EDI formats to Ballerina Records and back; Do Data Mapping on that and you’re off to the races!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Ballerina has powerful support for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats. In healthcare, this means out-of-the-box handling of X12, 834s, 837s and more regional-specific standards via native schema mapping. Go from EDI formats to Ballerina Records and back; Do Data Mapping on that and you’re off to the races!
```

> description: Ballerina has powerful support for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats. In healthcare, this means out-of-the-box handling of X12, 834s, 837s, and more region-specific standards via native schema mapping. Go from EDI formats to Ballerina Records and back; Do data mapping on that, and you’re off to the races!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Ballerina has powerful support for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats. In healthcare, this means out-of-the-box handling of X12, 834s, 837s, and more region-specific standards via native schema mapping. Go from EDI formats to Ballerina records and back; do data mapping on that, and you're off to the races!
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9506/commits/5d6aba1750290656f37d0c94c881894749d56d9e

> description: Ballerina has powerful support for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) formats. In healthcare, this means out-of-the-box handling of X12, 834s, 837s, and more regional-specific standards via native schema mapping. Go from EDI formats to Ballerina Records and back; Do Data Mapping on that, and you’re off to the races!

Reviewer 2: region-specific

Reviewer 2: Why upper case in "Do Data Mapping"?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9506/commits/114a2dd9512f0241a3961fc7d28b263351f0bc43
